---
title: 'NLCS: Game 5'
author: The Editor
type: post
date: 2011-10-15T00:24:32+00:00
url: /2011/10/14/nlcs-game-5/
featured_image: http://media.punchingkitty.com/wordpress/2011/10/allen_craig.jpg
dsq_thread_id:
  - 443738089
categories:
  - Sports
tags:
  - brewers
  - cardinals
  - mlb
  - nlcs

---
We didn&#8217;t do one of these yesterday, and we lost. Our bad. We&#8217;re back at it tonight though. Doin&#8217; it for Torty (the _original_ Cardinal post-season animal).

**1st inning:** Quick inning for both sides. Ryan Braun got a hit again, but that&#8217;s not news.

**Top 2nd:** Garcia looks good so far, but it&#8217;s all about when he gives up a hit or two. Here&#8217;s something else: TBS sucks.

**7:26p:** John Smoltz won&#8217;t ever stop talking.

**7:28p:** How hard is it to keep the game feed working UVerse? It feels like there hasn&#8217;t been a post season game that our UVerse HD feed hasn&#8217;t crapped out at some point. Oh and the jumpy Carlos Gomez got thrown out on the bases.

**Mid 2nd:** Ok, we&#8217;re just going to say it, the commercial with the little girl is surprising. We had no idea any black people liked country music&#8230;other than Hootie (- the Blowfish).

<!--more-->

**Bottom 2nd:** Molina pops out. Eh, I guess we should have waited for his at-bat to end before we posted, but you gotta feel good about that guess.

**7:37p:** RBI double! Happy to be wrong about Yadi! Still sad that would could never become a banker.

**7:39p:** Pretty sure Smoltz killed a few Red Bulls before the game. He&#8217;s still talking.

**7:41p:** Great play to steal a hit from Punto by Harriston&#8230;followed up by a horrible play. Cardinals get two more runs as Harriston looks to find that hole in his glove.

**Top 3rd:** With a three run lead, this would be a great time for Garcia to not melt down.

**7:51p:** Ryan Braun is up.

**7:53p:** &#8230;but Pujols makes a great play to get Braun out! Whew.

**Bottom 3rd: **Bettancourt is a total Pujols copy-cat with his own over the shoulder catch. Naturally the TBS/Brewers play-by-play man prefers Bettancourt&#8217;s play.

**8:01p:** When Lance Berkman steals a base off you, that&#8217;s not good. Brewers get out of the inning anyway on the next pitch.

**Top 4th:** Super easy. Moving on.

**Bottom 4th:** Last night the Brewers were getting the little dinks and dunks to shallow outfield, tonight the Cardinals are getting them.

**8:16p:** Odd moves. TLR has Punto bunt with Garcia on deck, but it pays off as Garcia hits an infield chopper, driving in Freese who got a good jump from third.

**8:17p:** Gomez with a great play to end the inning. Cards up 4 &#8211; 0.

**Top 5th**: Garcia coming apart. 1 Brewer running is in, tying run at bat (of course it&#8217;s f*cking Ryan Braun).

**8:33pm:** Never mind. TLR pulls Garcia, who wasn&#8217;t pleased.

**8:35pm:** From <a href="https://twitter.com/dgoold/status/125021806498295808" target="_blank">@dgoold</a>: &#8220;Best drama of the evening so far is Garcia&#8217;s entry into dugout, ignoring backslaps and hands of teammates. Awkward.&#8221;

**8:39p:** Dotel comes in and continues to own Braun. Inning over.

**Bottom 5th:** Damn Brewers! Making Pujols run by throwing crap over to first base? Just mean.

**8:48p:** Yadi leaves the bases loaded&#8230;with that pop-up we predicted earlier.

**Top 6th:** Dotel rolls! &#8230;as in it was an easy inning. We aren&#8217;t describing his back.

**Bottom 6th:** Another Brewer infield error, bringing Pujols to the plate with 2 on (1st and 3rd).

**9:11p:** Pujols drives in Frucal, taking advantage of the error. Pitching change for the Brewers.

**10:14p:** That _Three Musketeers_ movie looks awful.

**Top 7th:** We really wanted to see Pujols climb the rail, leap to the top of the dugout and then dive in to the stands to catch that fly ball. Guess he&#8217;s not a big-time October player.

**9:21p:** Here comes the boos for Nyjer Morgan. Just ignore him you hoosiers. #nyjerplease

**9:24p:** From <a href="https://twitter.com/buster_espn/status/125034146853699586" target="_blank">@buster_espn</a>: &#8220;Pujols with the DP pick &#8212; and a quick how-do-you-like-me-now glance at <a href="http://twitter.com/therealtplush" target="_blank">@TheRealTPlush</a>.&#8221;

**Bottom 7th:** Single. Double-play. Single. Walk. Strikeout.

**9:36p:** That&#8217;s enough, Jimmy Fallon.

**Top 8th:** It&#8217;s Descalso time! Freese out.

**9:40p:** A couple of guys get on and guess who&#8217;s up? Freaking Braun. WTF.

**9:44p:** Lynn gets out Braun with a chopper and the stretch of a little Frucal leg. Fielder up, Scrabble in to pitch.

**9:47p**: We&#8217;re totally freaking out.

**9:48p:** Scrabble gets his man! Big out. We feel sexy now.

**9:52p:** Motte on to get another 4 out save&#8230;one out down.

**Bottom 8th:** Lil&#8217; Pujols aka Frucal, up for the Cards. Not really note-worthy, just wanted to call him that. &#8230;and now he&#8217;s out.

**9:58p:** Jay walks and here comes yet another &#8220;possible final at-bat&#8221; for Pujols. We&#8217;ve had like 60 of these already.

**10:05p:** Berkman walks and is pulled for Chambers. Two on for Holliday. Totally craving a turkey club sandwich.

**10:07p:** If we get to the World Series, lets have Colby Rasmus throw out a first pitch!

**10:08p:** Holliday knocks in 2 more runs! Chambers is fast. Berkman would have needed a nap at third to score from first on a double.

**10:9p:** Pop out. Inning over.

**Top 9th:** Just remember Motte: Whatever happens out there with these final three outs&#8230;we will forever judge you based on this performance. No pressure.

**10:12p:** Pop up to Jay. One down.

**10:14p:** Pop up to Frucal&#8230;Jay&#8230;wait, Frucal&#8230;no&#8230;Jay. Call it boys! Two down.

**10:15p:** Third out and game over! Big win. Needed win.

**10:16p:** From <a href="https://twitter.com/williamfleitch/status/125047132607619073" target="_blank">@williamfleitch</a>: &#8220;No matter what happens rest of this NLCS, it is absolutely batsh-t crazy that Cardinals are one game away from the World Series right now.&#8221;

We&#8217;ll leave it there. We enjoyed a nice, not too stressful game, and glad to see the TBS reports Sager&#8217;s hair piece stayed on for another night.

One programming note: We will be traveling Sunday and it will probably overlap entirely with the game (suck). So no live blog for game 6. Hopefully that won&#8217;t be another jinx.